Oftentimes as a PM,
you will need to enrich your existing product data
with external datasets for greater context.
For example, let's say you're the city's product manager for Uber,
say we have ride-sharing data from Uber,
which already has the city of ride pickup.
You'll need to access the census level information for cities to acquire
additional information such as city population and city population density.
You have to find these sources externally.
There are many sources online where you could find free quality datasets like Kaggle,
Data.gov, FiveThirtyEight, or many,
many more, links are posted below.
Before joining your datasets,
you will need to ensure that there is a common key for both tables.
One of them usually being the primary key,
that you can link your datasets with.
Let's jump into an example.
If you have a table of ride sharing data with
city name information and if you find
a dataset online that contains city population information,
to join them, you will need to ensure that the city names match up accordingly.
In this example, Wichita,
from the table on the left,
does not cleanly match up with Wichita,
KS on the right.
Some deeper data cleaning from yourself,
a data scientist, or data engineer would be required to solve this problem.